## Professional Experience
I have been a Data Scientist on the Machine Learning Banking team at Rocket Mortgage.  Our team's goal was to optimize the lead allocation and mortgage banking space.  This includes lead prioritization and how bankers interact with loans as they move through their pipeline.  There are some more details [here](./RKT/readme.md) 

At Freedom Mortgage, I was a Data Engineer and Data Scientist on the Data Science team at Freedom Mortgage.  By moving through different teams such as ETL, Data Governance, Marketing Analytics, and the Intelligent Automative Initiative, I have developed an enterprise wide understanding of the data flow which has been an immense help in my ability to get the right data for modelling.  Additionally, I have met with business leaders to understand problem areas and work with them to develop ways that our team can provide business value.

I graduated in May 2020 from the University of Michigan studying Data Science.  I have taken courses in Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Applied Regression Analysis, Bayesian Data Analysis, Web Systems, Database Management Systems, and Honors Multivariable Calculus.  I have experience coding in a variety of languages but in my daily work I primarily use Python and SQL.  

In summer 2019, I interned for Wacker Chemical Corporation, an international chemical company for highly developed specialty chemicals.  I was a part of the new Data Science team where I led the sales forecasting project for a business team.  Using models like SARIMA, LSTM, and SVR I was able to develop a model that improved the current forecasting tool by 10% less deviation in 2019.  Another fun project I worked on was Natural Language Processing of Twitter data.  I scraped tweets containing specific keywords and hashtags pertaining to our customers and their market segments.  We did some sentiment analysis of these tweets and presented our findings to the marketing managers.
